README.md, before:

![Github Release Badge](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/SSS-Says-Snek/name_goes_here_lol?include_prereleases)
![Github Repo Size Badge](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/SSS-Says-Snek/name_goes_here_lol)
![Commits since last version](https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/SSS-Says-Snek/name_goes_here_lol/latest?color=%28255%2C%200%2C%200%29&include_prereleases)

Title's kinda misleading, it's just Snake+ (upgraded version of snake, I had nothing to do, ok?)

Right now, Snake+ should just be an upgraded version of snake, with progress, **ENEMIES**, and fun. Not good at working with classes, so if you look at my code it's gonna look like trash... Not that my code without classes is good, kek.

Only menu's functioning rn lol

## Todo and Checklists

- [X] Added bare bones for menu
- [ ] Implement actual game mechanics
- [ ] Implement saving and loading system
- [ ] Add actually good graphics
- [ ] Add shopping system for engaging gameplay
- [ ] Add a high score system (preferably switchable between local and overall)

Commit message:

Add more TODOs in README
TODOs look good.

README.md, after:

![Github Release Badge](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/SSS-Says-Snek/name_goes_here_lol?include_prereleases)
![Github Repo Size Badge](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/SSS-Says-Snek/name_goes_here_lol)
![Commits since last version](https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/SSS-Says-Snek/name_goes_here_lol/latest?color=%28255%2C%200%2C%200%29&include_prereleases)

Title's kinda misleading, it's just Snake+ (upgraded version of snake, I had nothing to do, ok?)

Right now, Snake+ should just be an upgraded version of snake, with progress, **ENEMIES**, and fun. Not good at working with classes, so if you look at my code it's gonna look like trash... Not that my code without classes is good, kek. This is also my first time making a semi-original idea in pygame, so some ideas will suck.

Only menu's functioning rn lol

## Todo and Checklists

- [X] Added bare bones for menu
- [ ] Implement actual game mechanics
- [ ] Implement settings button in main menu
- [ ] Make debug screen more asthetically pleasing
- [ ] Implement saving and loading system
- [ ] Add actually good graphics
- [ ] Add shopping system for engaging gameplay
- [ ] Add a high score system (preferably switchable between local and overall)
